Amiga quick start guide (#87)
farm-ng/amiga-dev-kit: website/docs/amiga_quick_start/amiga-quick-start.md

---
id: amiga-quick-start
title: Quick Start Guide
---

### Welcome to the Amiga Quick Start Guide!

Here will be the guide to everything you will need to know to start using your Amiga as soon as possible!

:::info
Things that will be included with Amiga
- Two batteries
- Battery charging kit
- Debug cable

> :::

Reviewer: Maybe make this a sub-section instead of an admonition

## Batteries

Be sure to insert both battery packs in their respective locations on the Amiga.

> ![battery](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64480560/206290736-59ef9164-9ade-401c-80dc-569e77f088e5.gif)

Reviewer: Nice!

:::caution

> While operating the Amiga, be sure not to stand in front of the Amiga. Also it is important that it is on a flat surface!

Reviewer: Maybe make this a bullet point list of key warnings and put it before any sub sections (i.e. before Batteries)

:::

## Starting the Amiga

First ensure the ESTOP is fully pressed down before operating anything on the Amiga

Once both batteries are installed with their respective keys, plug in the IEC cables into both batteries, then turn the key to a horizon position to start Amiga.

You should see the Farm-ng logo appear then the START/VAMOS screen.

Once that has appeared, release ESTOP and wait a few seconds.

Press/ Tap START and the dashboard will appear.

For the first time you should Calibrate your Pendant.

To do this you will need to go to the

> settings tab

Reviewer: Bullets or arrows or something between steps + pictures

---
id: amiga-quick-start
title: Quick Start Guide
---

### Welcome to the Amiga Quick Start Guide!

Here will be the guide to everything you will need to know to start using your Amiga as soon as possible!

Things that will be included with Amiga
- Two batteries
- Battery charging kit
- Debug cable (only included with Brain)
- Service cable

## Batteries

Be sure to insert both battery packs in their respective locations on the Amiga.

![battery](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64480560/206290736-59ef9164-9ade-401c-80dc-569e77f088e5.gif)

:::caution
While operating the Amiga:
- Do not stand in front of the Amiga
- Have Amiga on flat surface
- Have both batteries inserted and powered
:::

## Starting the Amiga

First ensure the ESTOP is fully pressed down before operating anything on the Amiga

![ezgif com-gif-maker 3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64480560/206316282-a65726be-9acc-4ef0-8cd4-5410784a2f16.gif)

> Once both batteries are installed with their respective keys, plug in the IEC cables into both batteries, then turn the key to a horizon position to start Amiga.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once both batteries are installed with their respective keys, plug the IEC power cables into both batteries, then turn the key to a horizon position to start Amiga.
```

You should see the Farm-ng logo appear then the START/VAMOS screen.

![ezgif com-gif-maker 4 (1)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64480560/206318630-931b5086-9cd8-4f8a-9406-afdc34bef28d.gif)

Once that has appeared, release ESTOP and wait a few seconds.

Press / Tap START and the dashboard will appear.

> For the first time you should Calibrate your Pendant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first time you start your Amiga, and anytime you replace the pendant, you should calibrate the joystick on your Pendant.
```

- Before testing pendant, you should press physical ESTOP so the Amiga does not drive while testing.

![ezgif com-gif-maker 2 (1)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64480560/206317768-42edeab6-8fea-4c7d-95ae-a3ff3d9e62f1.gif)

To do this you will need to go to the:
- `Settings tab` --> `Pendant` --> `Calibrate Pendant`

- If ESTOP screen appears, tap “CLEAR ESTOP”
- If other error message appears, try a power cycle by turning the Amiga on and off.
- If problem persists please submit an issue with us [here](https://discourse.farm-ng.com/c/support/5).

> :::tip

Reviewer: This tip probably belongs up with the batteries?
